README.md, before:

Zinc
====

Zinc is the incremental compiler for Scala. Most Scala developers use it daily
without noticing -- it's embedded in key build tools like sbt, CBT and pants.

The primary goal of Zinc is to make your compilation times faster without sacrificing
correctness. When you change a source file, Zinc analyses the dependencies of
your code and compiles the minimum subset of source files affected by your
change. The generated code should be identical to the output of a clean compile.

## History

[sbt]: https://github.com/sbt/sbt
[typesafehub/zinc]: https://github.com/typesafehub/zinc
[sbt/zinc]: https://github.com/sbt/zinc
[pants]: https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants
[CBT]: https://github.com/cvogt/cbt
[Intellij]: https://github.com/Jetbrains/intellij-scala
[Scala IDE]: https://github.com/scala-ide/scala-ide


Originally this was project was part of [sbt][], referred to as the incremental compiler module of sbt.

To allow for build tools outside of sbt to use it, the project [typesafehub/zinc][] was created to re-export the
whole of sbt to utilise the incremental compiler module.

With the effort for sbt 1, the sbt team extracted the incremental compiler from the sbt repo, to the
[sbt/zinc][] repo, recycling the name "zinc".

This new repository is an effort driven by Lightbend to allow any build tool
use the Scala incremental compiler, as [sbt 1.0][sbt], [pants][], [cbt][],
[Intellij][] and [Scala IDE][].

## Current status

The Zinc 1.0 incremental compiler implements significant improvements over
0.13.13's version when it comes to performance, correctness and dependency
analysis.

Zinc 1.0 is in experimental status, with a pre-stable release of "1.0.0-X10". Over
the next weeks, the Zinc team will work on getting Zinc 1.0 production-ready
so that build tools and Scala developers alike can benefit from these improvements
in a stable way.

## Installation and use

If you're a build tool author, add it to your project with:

```scala
libraryDependencies += "org.scala-sbt" %% "zinc" % "1.0.0-X10"
```

[sbt-zinc]: https://github.com/jvican/zinc/blob/sbt-plugin/README.md

If you're a Scala developer that wants to try Zinc 1.0, please head to the
installation guide of the sbt 0.13.13 plugin [sbt-zinc][] that enables you to use Zinc 1.0
in any 0.13.x sbt installation.

## Contributing

This project is maintained by Lightbend and often receives
non-trivial contributions from the [Scala Center](https://scala.epfl.ch) and
several other OSS contributors.

You're very welcome to contribute to this repository as Zinc is currently under
active development. For information on how to contribute, please check the
[CONTRIBUTING guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

This software is released under the following [LICENSE](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add clarification to README in scalacenter fork

README.md, after:

Zinc
====

**This is Scala Center's fork of the Zinc incremental compiler**.

Zinc is the incremental compiler for Scala. Most Scala developers use it daily
without noticing -- it's embedded in key build tools like sbt, CBT and pants.

The primary goal of Zinc is to make your compilation times faster without sacrificing
correctness. When you change a source file, Zinc analyses the dependencies of
your code and compiles the minimum subset of source files affected by your
change. The generated code should be identical to the output of a clean compile.

## History

[sbt]: https://github.com/sbt/sbt
[typesafehub/zinc]: https://github.com/typesafehub/zinc
[sbt/zinc]: https://github.com/sbt/zinc
[pants]: https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants
[CBT]: https://github.com/cvogt/cbt
[Intellij]: https://github.com/Jetbrains/intellij-scala
[Scala IDE]: https://github.com/scala-ide/scala-ide


Originally this was project was part of [sbt][], referred to as the incremental compiler module of sbt.

To allow for build tools outside of sbt to use it, the project [typesafehub/zinc][] was created to re-export the
whole of sbt to utilise the incremental compiler module.

With the effort for sbt 1, the sbt team extracted the incremental compiler from the sbt repo, to the
[sbt/zinc][] repo, recycling the name "zinc".

This new repository is an effort driven by Lightbend to allow any build tool
use the Scala incremental compiler, as [sbt 1.0][sbt], [pants][], [cbt][],
[Intellij][] and [Scala IDE][].

## Current status

The Zinc 1.0 incremental compiler implements significant improvements over
0.13.13's version when it comes to performance, correctness and dependency
analysis.

Zinc 1.0 is in experimental status, with a pre-stable release of "1.0.0-X10". Over
the next weeks, the Zinc team will work on getting Zinc 1.0 production-ready
so that build tools and Scala developers alike can benefit from these improvements
in a stable way.

## Installation and use

If you're a build tool author, add it to your project with:

```scala
libraryDependencies += "org.scala-sbt" %% "zinc" % "1.0.0-X10"
```

[sbt-zinc]: https://github.com/jvican/zinc/blob/sbt-plugin/README.md

If you're a Scala developer that wants to try Zinc 1.0, please head to the
installation guide of the sbt 0.13.13 plugin [sbt-zinc][] that enables you to use Zinc 1.0
in any 0.13.x sbt installation.

## Contributing

This project is maintained by Lightbend and often receives
non-trivial contributions from the [Scala Center](https://scala.epfl.ch) and
several other OSS contributors.

You're very welcome to contribute to this repository as Zinc is currently under
active development. For information on how to contribute, please check the
[CONTRIBUTING guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

This software is released under the following [LICENSE](LICENSE).
